**4/1/2021**
---
This is a weird thought, but I was thinking about the methodological naturalism that you kind of have to employ when working in a lab. Even if you believe in the possibility of miracles as a Christian, you have to forgo that a bit in order to get reproducible scientific results. I think I might have to do a version of that for my own life. Even though a lot of people are motivated to live better because of their Christian faith, my faith tends to bring me a lot of depression and listlessness because I don't feel worthy to be counted among the saints. I also tend to feel like this life doesn't matter a whole bunch because 1. I'll live forever anyway and 2. I don't have to worry about the direction of my life because God has a plan for me. Under a daily methodological naturalism though, I only have one shot at life. It's actually frustrating that I haven't achieved much of anything at the age of 30. I actually need to press on towards goals and skills because there's not a perfect vocation for me waiting in heaven. It's a weird approach, but I think it's one I want to test out to see how well it works.

**4/2/2021**
---
Today was fine, but unproductive. I forgot some important things for work so I ended up having to retrace a lot of my steps, leading to a ridiculously long work day. I had a tiny bit of time in the afternoon/evening, but I also had to fit in an online Good Friday service (can't wait to get the vaccine). I was left with precious little time so I had a day that was responsible but overwhelmingly average.
